Now let's redefine the relationships on the eloquent models.
So starting with an image what you see right now is a relation to our blog post specifically.
So this has to be change to immeasurable.
This is the same as the field name.
Remember the field name is called im imaginable.
Now we do not also need this blog post ideas Philo field of course because it doesn't exist.
Now instead of using belongs to
now we have to define this relation as morph to and that's it.
This is just a method name on the one to one polymorphic relationship from the image side.
Now let's go to the blog post.
So we already have this immature relationship
and with one to one polymorphic relationship instead of has one.
We have to use more F1 and of course this stays as it was.
So we have to define to which class this is related.
So this is an image but there is a second parameter introduced here so that class is not enough.
We have to also specify what's this field the name or at least the base name of this field that contains
this information about the relationship.
And this is also imaginable.
Now finally let's copy this relation definition to the user.
Maybe we can paste it just below comments and this relation is also called image and we also use more
F1 to up image and we specify that this field that will hold the information about the relation is called
immeasurable which basically means that a lot of us will know that it has to store the relation I.D.
inside imaginable underscore I.D. and the name of the related model in this case user or app user inside
the image of all underscore type and the same relates to the blog post model so let's save all this
changes and in the next lecturer will implement this logic inside user controller and also we have to
modify it inside a blog post where we upload the thumbnail.